# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** October 18, 2021 
**Meeting Purpose:** To brainstorm features for the recipe manager project and discuss what features are essential, which features are extras, etc. 
**Meeting Location:** Warren Mall Outdoor Lecture Tents
**Note Taker:** note_taker  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Brett
- Srisha
- Michael
- Yibo
- Daniel
- Jason
- Khiem
- Darren
- Songyu
- Grupreet

## Agenda Items

Item | Description
---- | ----
Users | • Who are they? <br>• What do they want? <br>• What situations could they run in to?
Scouting | • What do we like about existing recipe managers? <br> • What don't we like?
Features | • Required <br>• Stretch <br>• Extras
Theme/Mood | • How do we want to present the app?

## Discussion Items



## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| | item | who | due_date |

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
