# Team 13 Stand-Up Meeting

## Structure
Presenting changes to project pitch to Ashritha.

Each group will take their turn answering these 3 questions:
1. What did we work on before?
2. What are we working on currently?
3. What issues are blocking me?

## Attendance
Present:
- Brett
- Gurpreet
- Jason
- Darren
- Khiem
- Daniel
- Michael
- Ashritha

## Meeting
- Project Pitch Updates
    - Keep user's recipes as homepage (or prompt to create recipe or go to explore page)
    - Spoonacular API
    - Import from URL as a share feature
    - Cook/Focus mode
    - Local vs Database storage? 
- Project Pitch Feedback and Updates from Ashritha
    - Wireframes look good
    - Take a look at other storage options (local/clientside storage)
    - Finalize designs, implementation decisions, and resuable components to ensure a maintainable and readable codebase
    - 11/22 Status Update Video (working prototype with CRUD features)
    - Can start coding, finalize storage stuff with Ashritha

- Leads
  - Update
    - Helped out designers with finalizing wireframes
    - Adjustments to project pitch
- Designers
  - Update
    - Finalizing wireframes
    - Fixing navigation of pages
    - Prototype

## Brett's laptop died RIP (Meeting to be continued during the weekend)