# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** November 2 2021, 1-2pm 
**Meeting Purpose:** Project Pitch Review 
**Meeting Location:** Zoom  
**Note Taker:** Brett Beattie 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Brett
- Ashritha
- Yibo
- Khiem
- Michael
- Sirisha
- Daniel
- Lu
- Jason


## Discussion Items
- Asynchronous Slack Standups
  - Brett integrated 
- Updates
  - QA
    - Lu: Basic CI/CD pipeline setup, looking to improve and get it all set up by end of the week (after lab)
    - Ashritha: Assignment to set up CI/CD pipeline
      - Important to have robust pipeline from the beginning
      - Look at options for linting, code quality, testing, etc. (Google the tools, unfamiliar terms, etc!)
    - Good to have pair
  - Designers
    - Yibo: Have framework done, need to come up with more design/themes & stuff, will communicate with front-end to work on CSS styling
  - How to test features in isolation?
    - Favorite button example
      - Front-end test: Use Console.log
      - Back-end test: Assume what data you will be receiving, and write function from there.
  - How is the work being divided?
    - Michael: I'm working on having recipes show up on homepage
    - Daniel working on create button functionality
    - Back-end
      - No updates so far, but planning on implementing local storage this week
      - Khiem: Should we wait for front-end to finish templates to test back-end storage functionality?
        - Ashritha: Recommends not waiting because that would be too late.
        - One back end task could be looking at API doc and look at how to handle the data we might want to use in app
        - Play around with local storage to get a good idea for how it works.
  - 1st sprint: 25th october-15 november
  - November 22nd MVP 
    - All screens related to CRUD features ready 
    - HTML templates ready 
    - back-end apis/storage ready 
    - Everything integrated.  
  - Not being graded on the tech, but how closely we follow the dev process.    
