# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** November 16 2021, 1-2pm 
**Meeting Purpose:** Any Issues/Challenges
**Meeting Location:** Zoom  
**Note Taker:** Brett Beattie 

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Brett
- Ashritha
- Yibo
- Sirisha
- Lu
- Darren
- Jason
- Michael
- Khiem

## Discussion Items
- Appreciation
  - Liked our demo yesterday
    - Liked that we showed how it worked in the back-end as well
    - Handled the questions very well
    - Really likes that the ingredients and steps are split into different input boxes
- CI/CD Pipeline
  - Need to have
    - Code Quality checker
    - super-linter
    - More unit tests    
- Retrospective
  - Going to have sprint 1 retro either today or tomorrow 
  - Need to use retrium
- Status Video
  - Shows off how much we've done so far
  - Shows what we still need to do
  - Challenges
    - Action items to fix them
- *REALLY LIKES HOW ACTIVE WE ARE WITH ASYNCHRONOUS STAND UPS*   
